# today

I need to cache these boto3 responses to actually make this thing 'quick'

I'm in the final stretch of defining IAM policies for each CRUD op. (Even
though `quickhost-users` will contain each, in the future I want each operation
to assume a role, instead.) I want to be able to get, for example, a running
app's `host_count` more than a few times. The way I have implemented this is to
call `describe_instances` with a couple filters, iterate over the `Reservations` and
`Instances`, and return an int.

This is all a very (time) expensive way to get a single property, regardless of
whether or not using `describe_instances` is the best way. I want try storing a
response to `describe_instances` at the beginning of every invocation of
`.run()`, similar to how `vpc_id` and other networking information is obtained.
Too bad there's more important stuff to do!

## ssh key?

I'm sick of seeing random ssh keys lying around. `main.py` needs to put them in
their proper home. But this one is tricky...

1. No way in hell is this going to be a resource tag value on the Key object itself.
1. AWS SecretManager is viable, but expensive
  * S3 is not viable, as a decryption password is required ..
1. AWS SystemsManager is viable cross-platform, but requires the AWS CLI.

Not using an ssh key at all is an option. I haven't considered until now, would
require more thought once I decide to work towards it, but it should be simple
with `AWSKyePair` CRUD. Hm. Needs a CLI flag.. and I am not happy with the
state of the CLI... I'd probably rework the dang thing again. I don't think it
will ever make me happy!



