# today

OK OK I really want state.

And thus concludes the `quickhost` saga. It's been a wild ride.

Seriously though. I guess you don't know what you don't know. Although, every
other infrastructure tool out there has some concept of state, ranging from a
Docker's 'is it running' simplicity, or the yaml file of any tool that manages
at scale. When you have a desired-state configuration, it makes the rest of the
process cut and dry.  `quickhost` aimed to be different by avoiding having such
a file at all. But I can see now that the benefits far out weigh any drawbacks.

Maybe a 'v2' in the future will build a database to start a run, but the
current state in there as a cache and launch appropriately from there. But
right now, the app needs to be fetching this information reliably and in a
consistent manner. Troubleshooting anything seems like it is always taking me
down to the plugin-level of functions, making the same calls repeatedly in
order to carry out the steps asked. 

So yes, in a word I am 'disappointed' with how `quickhost` has turned out. I'm
sure that for my next attempt at making an app, I will remember this small
project as a lesson learned, in one way or another. In fact, here are some
things that I would do differently.

* Data structures

I spent a lot of time in the beginning stages of
the project obsessing over the "best way" to ferry information around. I landed
on using `dict`s, essentially trying to treat them like JSONs. This did not
work well, and I have a feeling it's because the app was written in Python.

* Well-defined API 

It's simply not possible to work effectively if you don't know exactly what to
expect from a function call. The concept seemed simple enough in my case - I
was to perform some CRUD operations on cloud resources that are very familiar
to me. But as it would turn out, the tools I have used in the past (usually)
did a fantastic job of abstracting away the details of taking such actions.
Having to implement them myself required more planning than I had anticipated.

* Make a plan and stick with it

`quickhost` was created with one guiding principle: No state. The reason behind
this is simplicity at the user's end - Nothing new to learn, maintain, et
cetera. This is far too broad a definition to do anything meaningful. For
instance, what does "no state" mean when describing what's currently running? I
think that's a fair question to expect. My answer has been to leverage resource
tagging, and querying based on tags to ascertain the current state. But the
code I have written does not reflect that. The app's datastructures only ever
extended a base class since about a week ago, or about two months into work.
Although it's Python I'm working with, I should have written base classes for
getting a resource with a particular tag, which would yeild an expected result
regardless the resource. I suppose I came close, but there was a lack of
detail in my plan, and this I believe resulted in my current struggles of
having to back-track over old code to figure out what exactly is being done.

For an app at even this scale, state is crucial. Data structures are crucial.
We'll see where this is going, but I need to wrap this up and start thinging
about how I will be able to afford next month's rent.


Speaking of plans...

## WTF happened to TESTING??!

`*~*`*imagine a world*`*~*`
`*~*`*where you didnt't worry*`*~*`
`*~*`*when a stack trace appears*`*~*`

This could have been you. WH- WHY

YOU HAD MOCKS, YOUR TESTS WERE PASSING

**WHY** did you **STOP TESTING**
