# today

I was watching a reddit thread about IT and modernizing ye olde-world for the
current century. SIP caught my attention almost immediately, so I decided to
troll myself by testing an OSS implementation. I found
[OpenSIPS](https://github.com/OpenSIPS/opensips) among others (actually got
confused with an ongoing CUPS project as well, lol) so I want to get this to
work.

Anyways, `quickhost` is busted on my machine, hence writing to find an answer.
I can't recall the last time I seriously sat down to work on *whatever it was*
that I was thinking when I broke the thing (and left the pile of Python behind
on my computer). So what do I do? 

To be honest, `quickhost` isn't the next AWS (shocker). It's not that important
to me anymore, but I am back because I am not done learning. So the next step
to take is an important one, as always... This time, without the needling and
proding of having been working on it in the past two weeks. If you know what I
mean, I think everyone deserves a legitimate vacation. lol.

So here's the plan. I'm not fixing a daggum thing. I'm going to `git pull` and
if it doesn't work, I'll be back to write some more - except ont thing stopping
  me is fear of having to repeat work that I've already done (but would be
  throwing away with a `pull`). 


... ok so this project might as well be dubbed 'sincerely boned'

1. It's actually two projects - `quickhost` and `quickhost-plugins` (this was the
   point of starting it in the first place)
2. It's `git reset` not `git pull` smh
3. I'm tired of it

I'm more interested in Go and doing some thinking/learning, rather than just bussin' out
some code because I can. Not all is lost though, because I'm confident if you
paid me that I could fix it in a few standups time. Just can't pay myself
enought to do it!

Hopefully when I cross the Azure and GCP bridges in my career, I won't come
hankering back to learn their respective APIs. In fact, after working with
`quickhost` for as long as I have, the better path forward without a doubt is
development on an as-needed, [quiet-quitting]() type basis. Unless ofcourse,
[spoiler] you are reading this and, like me, you are thirsty to learn some Python ;) [/spoiler]

Mikey Z
