# w-where am i

I don't understand why I am back, going against the grain of my own project.
But, I guess I could always use a refresher on Python3.

I thought to try out [click](https://click.palletsprojects.com/en/8.1.x/why) to
replace `argparse`. Argparse is great in its simplicity, and once you get to
know it, it's really not a bad guy at all. I do have a problem with it,
basically that any time I try to use a `parser.subparser`, arguments get
hidden, or some options that were clearly put before the arguments are not
parsed at all. I did bother to pull up the source code, and it was too
complicated to decypher the design to make use of it. It's actually a
beautifully short amount of code for the work it does.

The other half is obviously me and my implementation (I just *had* to do the
plugin thing). Maybe I'm giving up to easy here, but to be honest I've kind of
had it with struggling to get `argparse` to work for subcommands. The important
part of the project was making a plugin system, on top of keeping my AWS fresh
for the SAA.

So okie dokie. Time to see if `click` is going to yield a better result...

Goals:

- learn click
- keep click to a "high-level" in plugins
- `main.py [make|describe|delete|update]` subcommands

Hey, that last part is workable. Sec...

# main.py

Top level command. Should do things such as:

* list all running apps in all clouds
* list available plugins and corresponding apps running
* new plugin init
  - download, install, configure, ...
* provide subcommands for each plugin
  - init, make, describe, update, destroy ...

## init

args: 
  - 

## make
  
Args largely determined by plugin.

args:
  - name
  - ports
  - userdata...

## describe
## update
## destroy

..yadda yadda.


Going to probably have to start from scratch at some point, so I'll chalk this
up to a "test of click"

There seems like a lot of decisions to make already. On one hand, it is fun to
do click (I'm just bad at it, baseless trust issues w/ rando packages). On the other
  hand, the *work* to do is going to require more time to uncover. Guess I'm
  blessed to enjoy what I need to do! 🙏 

Working under `temp/` right now, if it turns out I could make a shist
