# today

I have no idea what to do about `argparse`. Just playing with it til it clicks.

Setting up the global stuff that quickhost needs to do its thing (quickly).

Save for any local gas leaks in the area, I had this epiphany about handling
exceptions. If I have a solid `describe()` function that returns everything I
could possibly need, then that's the only place I need to handle boto3
exceptions. `create()`, `desctroy()`, or anything intermediary will have its
exceptions handled by `describe()`, and I can save a lot of time and lines.

So, `describe()` generally goes like this:

```python
def describe_things():
# initialize 'null' values, which are never valid
  rtn = {
    'property-1': None,
    'property-2': {
      'sub-2-1': None,
      'sub-2-2': None,
    },
    'property-3': [],
    'number-property-4': None,
  }

# get data
  try:
    rtn['property-1'] = val
    #...
    return rtn # succeeded
  except Exception:
    rtn['property-1'] = ''
    # ...
    return rtn # failed successfully™
  finally:
    return rtn # failed unsuccessfully
```

Now, if I want to `create()`, I can test that the thing I want to create
already exists or not, without worrying about catching expected errors.

```python
def create_thing():
  """returns True when something was created, False otherwise"""
  things = describe_things()
  if thing['property-1'] != '':
    logger.debug(f"{thing['property-1']} already exists, don't create it!!1")
  elif thing['property-1'] is None: 
    logger.warning(f"{thing['property-1']} may or may not exist, maybe go ahead and try anyways?")
  else:
    boto3_resource.create() # or whatever
    return True
```

Destroying things is basically copy-paste.

```python
def destroy_thing():
  """returns True when something was destroyed, False otherwise"""
  things = describe_things()
  if thing['property-1'] == '':
    logger.debug(f"{thing['property-1']} does not exist, don't destroy it!!1")
    return False
  elif thing['property-1'] is None: 
    logger.warning(f"{thing['property-1']} may or may not exist, maybe go ahead and try anyways?")
    return False
  else:
    boto3_resource.destroy() # or whatever
    return True
```

The catch (pun slightly intended) is a "null-check". If we can't confirm 100%
that a thing was described, what that means depends on context. If you want to
delete an IAM user and you don't know for sure if it exists, go ahead and try.
If you want to create an `AccessKeyPair` for a user, you'll very quickly hit
the max allowed number of active keys per user (2). Both cases are bugs\*, and
the try-catch-finally block sh ould be improved when caught - but only at
`describe()` -- in one place!!

only caveat (>:( python ...)
```python
a = ''
b = None
not a
>>> True
not b
>>> True
```

According to the seasoned staff of quickhost professionals, these are easy to
miss. Just means I have to be sure I remember what the 'default value' is for
each.

It would be *really* nice to have these 'thing's passed around as objects,
instead of plain old python `dict`s. I added a few `argparse.Namespace`-like
classes at the tail of `AWSIam.py`, but ended up not using them. They reminded
me of back when I first started this project, and the internal turmoil
""configuration classes had caused me. Granted I have a better vision of what I
expect out of them - namely, clearly-defined getters/setters. I think one
reason I'm hesitant to add these config classes is I could argue for defining
CRUD methods on them -- but they're config classes, they should just store data.

## permissions

<https://github.com/Zeebrow/quickhost/issues/12>

I should have seen this one being the monster that it is. So many leaks... I
wonder, what would it look like if I had a 'global' variable to store the
profile to be used for the next boto3 call? The default would be the
quickhost-user, and anything else would require a call to `sudo()` to change
it. :thinking\_emoji:

It would also mean that I don't have to pass the `profile=` param everywhere.
But how would I 'drop' sudo? Like, use it for only 1 client or `boto3.resource`
invocation, then it disappears. Maybe it would be `get_sudo_session` and
`get_sudo_resource`. I guess that's kind of what the new `AWSResource` base
class provides?

I don't think it's worth the complexity... changing all of the clients to use
the `AWSResource.get_client()` is enough. Plus, the only time I really *need*
sudo is during init, to create the starting resources.
`check_running_as_user()` sure got outdated quickly.

