# 4/25/22 storytime - why??

Most of us have some sort of activity that generates income, for things like
food, roof, gas, etc...  Well, I have no such thing. 

I recently finished a contract I was working on and decided to spend my own time
and $ to work on the simple application here. Why?

## `quickhost`: The App

```
quickhost - make a publically available AWS host, quickly.
```

Yep, that's it. A few lines of [aws cli](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) and yer
off to the races! So... Why the app?

It's a bit of a story.

I've been using AWS professionally for a few years now, and
had my own personal account for only a bit longer. I have a collection of
scripts and shell functions that cobble together the needful cloud resources.
They get my friends and my homelab where they ought to be, without needing to
dive into the gory details of AWS syntax each and every time. 9 times out of 10,
I need AWS to give something a public IP address that's not my apartment's
router. 

We're clearly reinventing the wheel here... So, what in the world
am I doing?! 

Simply put: I want my own app. 

I want to make a full application, from start to finish, unit tests, CI, cutesie
little badges to convey the build status... "the whole 9 yards," as us Americans
might say. I want it done to say that I did it, and I want it done to a (dare I
say) professional standard. `quickhost` has already been through a couple of
re-writes, as well as a `gh repo delete` ... Making an app "the way I want it"
is *really tough* :laughing: And that's why I've decided to continue making an
app, but in plain view for all to see. I'm getting tired of writing and
re-writing, and clearly, the commit messages are *not* going to be a good sign
of what *really* happened under the hood.

So, to restate my purpose here: I want to give others the opportunity to learn
from mistakes, and hopefully, eventually, my success.

As you'll find out in future posts, I have *very little* idea what I'm about to
do here. I'm going to commit at the end of each day I work, and talk it over in
a blog post like this one. I'm going to do my best to communicate clearly what I
did and my reasoning behind it. I'm also going to start from scratch.

TL:DR;
* Some broke dude is makin' stinkin' garbage, and you can read about it






