# today

I'm hung up on the `main.py init aws` function.

I think it needs thorough checks, justified because `init` is only supposed to
be run once. But on the other side of the coin, it feels as if I'm walking to
the bathroom, checking to make sure I'm stepping with alternating feet each
time.

I'm sensing a future routing issue, which would have a huge impact on apps. AWS by default allows traffic within a vpc to flow between hosts (and resources?) within it. This would mean that apps would not be isolated from one another.

I learned that you cannot delete the 'Main' route table associated with a vpc
(as of lunchtime today I am unsure if I can set a different route table as
Main). Also, this Main route table is automatically associated with any subnets
in the vpc, *as long as those subnets don't have an explicit route table
association*. This is one of the 'checks' I do in `init` - make sure the route
table id and subnet id match what is listed in the route table's association.
Knowing the state of route tables' associations is even more critical than
knowing if you have the route table itself!

* current VPC cidr: /17 (32,768 IPv4 addresses)
* AWS limit on minimum subnet cidr: /28 (11 usable AWS IPs)
* AWS limit on number of subnets per vpc: 200\*
* Number of /X Cidrs in a /Y range: `2**(32-Y) / 2**(32-X)`
* Number of possible /24 subnets in a /27 subnet: 128
* Number of possible /24 subnets in a /16 subnet: 256

So if I bump the VPC cidr to /16, and each app had it's own /24 range, we could create 256 apps after
requesting a quota increase. This also defines the number of
hosts each app is allowed to have to `(2**(32-16) / 2**(32-24) ) - 5 = 253`.

* Time it will take write the code to create a non-overlapping subnet for each app to be CRUDed: 4,096 x 56,536 = 231,571,456 times
This thing is such a heap of shit lol I can't commit these changes

## plugin

I got tired of seeing `DeprecartionWarning`s related to importlib, but I want
to leave some breadcrumbs that are no longer part of the code.

<https://bugs.python.org/issue44246> (great discussion)
<https://github.com/python/importlib_metadata/pull/278/files#>
`with warnings.catch_warnings(record=True):`
<https://stackoverflow.com/questions/72778170/how-to-use-python3-10-for-an-app-that-uses-plugins>

Trying out git ~~submodules~~ subtree.

## tomorrow 

read and follow Mr. Portenueve's article + tutorial on git subtrees
<https://medium.com/@porteneuve/mastering-git-subtrees-943d29a798ec>

