# Configuring the app and making it do what you want

I got a bit sidetracked with <https://github.com/Zeebrow/screen-area-recorder>.
It was a nice change of pace to get my feet wet with OpenCV and numpy. Might
even be useful! (84M `pyinstaller` binary... SHEEEESH)

Picking up where I left off yesteday

The problem was having some...thing that accepts configuration, and does what
you would expect it to.  Yesterday's solution was to make a whole 'nother class
and instantiate it with config. Here's what I ended up doing:

1. renamed AWSConfig.py to AWSApp.py
1. renamed ConfigBase class to AppBase
1. got rid of the old AWSApp.py

Considering the where I was yesterday, the net result is more than just name
changes. Earlier, as I was writing out SG.py and fitting it into the app, I
realized that I *do not miss* marshalling and unmarshalling config. At least
not enough to go back, yet.

That said, separating configuration from the working code still is an
attractive route to take. AWSApp.py might turn into a monstrosity, but if
that's the only file exposed on the package level, then I will be *thrilled*.
And so far, the main.py script is expecting just one function to be available
to it, `load_cli_params()`, (I could do without the print_... func). It means
less spaghetti to be untangled when it comes time to create the plugin.

## Argparse is gonna make this painful, I can smell it.

A big bother of mine is that the command line doesn't take any action verbs,
yet. Tomorrow I need to remember that this is what we're after:

```bash
main.py aws make -n app_name
main.py aws describle -n app_name
main.py aws update -n app_name
main.py aws destroy -n app_name
```

