# Defining quickhost's Usage With Argument Parser

## hey

Left off "yesterday" with this in mind:

```bash
main.py aws make -n app_name
main.py aws describle -n app_name
main.py aws update -n app_name
main.py aws destroy -n app_name
```

next commit will implement this!

So naturally, I hate it. It's already clunky, and there are globals that could
be handled outside of this pseudo plugin.  There is a particular python package
that I remember for its creative use of argparse: VMWare's [pyvmomi commuinty
samples][2] It's especially interesting because the overal structure of the app
is very similar to how I picture quickhost being made.

If you check out the structure, you can see that each sample imports
[cli.py][1]. This 'api' ensures that end users enter the minimum required info
to interact with a vSphere host, while at the same time giving a developer
flexibility to tailor an app to specific needs. This may or may not be a great
option for quickhost - The goal of the plugin architecture is educational. I
want to be able to `pip install` a plugin, that wasn't necessarily included in
the `src/` here. 

## bye

Today went alright - I had a clearly defined goal and *probably* acheived it.
Probably only because the tests broke. 

Argparse is definitely not a weakness relative to `pytest`. I don't even know
where to start, but that's why I'm writing quickhost. I should pay a visit to
the Python guru Anthony over at <https://www.twitch.tv/anthonywritescode> next
I catch him streaming.

## hey

Writing testable code is like the hardest kind of math problem. Writing
testable reminds me partially of work I did with AWS roles and using PassRole
and AssumeRole - you have to know exactly what the result is before you start
applying permissions. It's common time sink when to make a role, deploy it, 
and check that it works - if not, then add permissions; if so, you're left
thinking "*oh crap did I add too many permissions?*" 

With code it's the same thing. I could write a test to ensure that running
`main.py aws` with no arguments returns the `(sub)parser.print_help()` output.
But am I *really* testing my app here, or am I testing `argparse`? Now that I
think about it, that that's a simple test to write.

## "Tomorrow"

* consider starting over again with cli tests
* pytest: `test_main_aws_nargs_returns_help()`

[1][https://github.com/vmware/pyvmomi-community-samples/blob/master/samples/tools/cli.py]
[2][https://github.com/vmware/pyvmomi-community-samples/blob/master/samples/]
