# to~~day~~night

Changed the format of the two fundamental pieces of `main.py`: the CLI input "grammar", and the configuration file headings:

```
[aws:app_name]
is now 'antonymed' to 
[app_name:aws]
```

I also want my plugins distributed as binary bytecode - that could mean
compiling at install time.

## IFLW

The latter is to convey that the app is more important than the platform... Not sure how this one slipped by. The former is because it's my beloved app and I *will* have it work as I please!!

# Plugins

So far, I have done:

* move AWS\*.py files into `faux-quickhost-plugins/aws/src`
* `faux-quickhost-plugins/setup.py`
* `pip install -e .` to both the new aws plugin package as well as the qh base
  package, in the new `pfaux-quickhost-plugins` venv.

The above leads to an import error - I think this is a fine start! ... Now, how
do we fix it? 🤔

## An alternative to using `importlib` for ~~plugins~~ adding hosting providers

If you were to ask google how to make a plugin with Python3, `importlib` is the
answer without debate. And probably for good reason - as I hope you'll see,
`importlib`-style plygin architectures provide the most utility. But quickhost
doesn't need the frills!

In fact, calling them 'plugins' is probably a stretch. Not that I know the definition, mind you,
but to me a plugin is something more intimate than what I'm seeing evolve
naturally while writing quickhost. The way I now choose to express the nuts and
and bolts behind the scenes describles something more akin to a formalized bash
script. 

### importlib

I've yet to see use of this one at all, which makes it a tempting target. But
why?  Well for one, I am wary of third-party libraries and what code they're
running with that one, "magical function call." It's nowhere near what the
node/npm ecosystem might provide, but consider that someone such as the author
of this "idk wth iam doingg" blog you're reading righ now is free to publish
upon a clever name and technically being able to do so. I chose to use a
[self-hosted pip index](https://devpi.net/docs/devpi/devpi/stable/%2Bd/index.html) for my
projects because you can't publish a Python package without an equivalent. So
I'd better learn it!

More to the point,  `importlib` would allow the code to become more than that.
Granted, that flexability is usually favorable, the goal of quickhost is to
demand nothing of the user but the name of their "app." In a way, it *is* that
magic function that you call, albeit on your queue. 

Technically, `importlib` would allow me to use a cloud provider's
functions as if they were `import`ed at the top of the `main.py` script.
Perform an action, and the cloud's response can be handled to perform the next with or
without user intervention. As you'll see, a fantastic example of `importlib`
usage would be (hypothetically) for developing an IDE plugin: You perform an
action, your app's state changes, and *you're still at the console ready to
perform the next state change*. 

Since that's a bit vague, consider the alternative approach I plan to implement
in quickhost: How about we call it a bash script written in Python.

### \_\_main\_\_.py

From the [docs:](https://docs.python.org/3/library/__main__.html#main-py-in-python-packages)

"__main__.py will be executed when the package itself is invoked directly from the command line using the -m flag. For example:"

```bash
#python3 -m bandclass
python3 -m quickhost-aws
```

Ok, maybe not *From* the docs, but I do plan on copy pasting 50% of it.

Undoubtedly, you have run `pip3 install xyz` or `pip install pdq` if you've
used Python3 outside of acedemia.  This is done from your operating system's
terminal (shell).  What you may not have realized is that running either `pip`
command is the same as running `python3 -m pip` from the very same shell.

Ok, now who cares? If your job is to install a Python package, run `pip` and
you're done. Grab a pint, glance at reddit, do what you do. When you get back
to your desk, you are on to your next task. 

That's the exact pattern we're after as suppliers of IaC. If you're still at
the console after quickhost exits, that's a bug (idk how you report those
yet... chill my man)

### Bottom Line

There is no need to act any further after running a quickhost command. There
should not be a need for `importlib`

Now without further ado, I might be grabbing a pint myself right about now.
Tests are a monster for another day.

---

\*    disingenuousity: `__main__.py` would call `exit()` after `AWSApp`. `AWSApp` would still `return`.
\*\*  disingenuousity: Filename `main.py` is and has always been temp is hell. Lol.


# tomorrow

:shrugchamp:

# I fel like writing

Fixing sleep schedule...

I realized what it means to test your code properly.

To me, and since this was my 'first time' (it was really a choice), I will now say I can come to the following conclusion:

```
Your tests may be adequate if you run them instead of the program to check your work.
```

The important part is confidence.

I could write you a 23-file suite of unit tests that would be better off not existing there next to your code. 
