# day 2 - cli 

[X] file config loading defaults, and tests
  [ ] more tests
[X] cli arg parser
  [ ] MOAR TESTS
[X] behavior - "\_all" provider config overwritten by "app\_name" config
  [ ] <spoiler> more tests </spoiler>
[?] behavior - file config overridden by cli config\*
[?] the cli feels clunky, mixing keyword parameters and positional parameters,
like
  [?] mixing ports and cidrs *is* clunky
  [ ] specify protocol with port number, aslo icmp

`main.py -n myrc aws --port 6697`

\*do we *really* want the cli args for ports and cidrs to *overwrite* the
file config? Wouldn't it make more sense to append to them? Granted, this thing
is still far from working, but it just feels... off. Expecially considering
that the cli accepts more than one flag for each.

\*also, is it `overwritten` or `overridden`?

## zet - plugins

This app would be much better if I could use it on Azure, Vultr, Servercheap,
or hell even VMWare. Comparing aspects like cost and complexity would be
awesome. That's a good ways off, but I can't see `quickhost` evolving any other way. 

So that's with the parser arguments wandering away from main.py.

I did a think about this `quickhost.conf` file, and doing the section headers
like here

```
[aws:_all]
param1 = foo # overrides my_app value for param1

[aws:my_app]
param1 = bar
param2 = wux
```

Definitely inspired by some good ol' homelab Ansible for this one. Again,
plugins in mind here, it would be *so* much nicer to not have to turn an app's
config into a smorgasbord of cloud provider config.

Tomorrow, we make ~~a security group~~ tests

